A man drove his expensive car into a tree and found out how a Mercedes bends
A prisoner's favorite punctuation mark is the period. It marks the end of his sentence.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? – He's all right now.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? – Great food but no atmosphere.
Having sex in an elevator is wrong on so many levels.
How does Moses make his tea? – Hebrews it.
I'd tell you a chemistry joke but I know I wouldn't get a reaction.
I'm going to stand outside, so if anyone asks I'm outstanding.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. – It's impossible to put down.
I've been trying to make a Rhino joke. – But it's making me horny....
I always take a second pair of pants when I go golfing... in case I get a hole in one.
I am selling my guitar, no strings attached!
I don't trust these stairs because they're always up to something.
I had pun-cakes this morning!
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I usually take steps to avoid elevators.
I was going to look for my missing watch, but I could never find the time.
I was going to make a gay joke, butt f*ck it.
I was going to tell a Mexican joke, but that's just crossing the border!
If Apple made a car, would it have Windows?
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst!
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I noah guy.
Never trust atoms, they make up everything.
No more Harry Potter jokes guys, I'm Sirius.
Sleeping comes so naturally to me, I could do it with my eyes closed.
Stop it with the gay jokes, cum on guys.
The outcome of war does not prove who is right, but only who is left.
The person who invented the door knock won the No-bell prize.
There was a sign on the lawn at a drug re-hab center that said 'Keep off the Grass'.
There was an explosion at a pie factory, 3.14 people died.
There was once a cross-eyed teacher who couldn't control his pupils.
They should make a Minecraft movie, it would be a blockbuster.
They told me I had Type A blood, but it was a Type O.
This girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club, but I'd never met herbivore.
To write with a broken pencil is pointless.
Vagina jokes aren't funny. Period.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing – but it let out a little whine.
What did the remote say to the TV? – You turn me on.
When I think of books, I touch my shelf.
Why can't a bike stand on it's own? – Because it is two tired.